aws/simple/README.md, before:

# Terranova Example: AWS EC2 instances

This example is used in the README of the Terranova repository and it is just to create one AWS EC2 instance.

Create the Key Pair with the following command:

```bash
aws ec2 create-key-pair --key-name demo --query 'KeyMaterial' --output text > demo.pem
chmod 400 demo.pem
cat demo.pem
```

Login to the created EC2 instance using:

```bash
ssh -i ./demo.pem ubuntu@$(grep '"public_ip"' simple.tfstate | sed 's/.*: "\(.*\)",/\1/')
```

To delete the Key Pair, execute:

```bash
aws ec2 delete-key-pair --key-name demo
rm demo.pem
```

To terminate the instance set the `count` variable to `0`, build it (`go build`) and execute it, or execute the following AWS CLI command:

```bash
id=$(grep '"id"' simple.tfstate | sed 's/.*: "\(.*\)",/\1/' | uniq)
aws ec2 terminate-instances --instance-ids $id
```

## Build

To build it just execute `go build` and the output is the binary `simple` which when you execute it, you have an AWS EC2 instance running.

To build it in a isolated environment such as a Docker container, use `docker` and the `Dockerfile` to build the image `simple` like this:

```bash
docker build -t simple .
```

Commit message:

Using `simple` to test terranova locally

aws/simple/README.md, after:

# Terranova Example: AWS EC2 instances

This example is used in the README of the Terranova repository and it is just to create one AWS EC2 instance.

The `simple` application requires a Key Pair named `demo`. To create the Key Pair execute the following command:

```bash
aws ec2 create-key-pair --key-name demo --query 'KeyMaterial' --output text > demo.pem
chmod 400 demo.pem
cat demo.pem
```

After the execution of the `simple` application you'll have an EC2 instance, the IP address can be obtained from the state file with:

```bash
grep '"public_ip"' simple.tfstate | sed 's/.*: "\(.*\)",/\1/'
```

Login to the created EC2 instance using:

```bash
ssh -i ./demo.pem ubuntu@$(grep '"public_ip"' simple.tfstate | sed 's/.*: "\(.*\)",/\1/')
```

To delete the Key Pair, execute:

```bash
aws ec2 delete-key-pair --key-name demo
rm demo.pem
```

To terminate the instance set the `count` variable to `0`, build it (`go build`) and execute it, or execute the following AWS CLI command:

```bash
id=$(grep '"id"' simple.tfstate | sed 's/.*: "\(.*\)",/\1/' | uniq)
aws ec2 terminate-instances --instance-ids $id
```

## Build

To build it just execute `go build .` and the output is the binary `simple` which when you execute it, you have an AWS EC2 instance running.

To build it in a isolated environment such as a Docker container, use `docker` and the `Dockerfile` to build the image `simple` like this:

```bash
docker build -t simple .
```

## Terranova local test

I use this simple example to do a quick test my local version of Terranova. To do this quick test I just use the `make` command:

```bash
make
```

The execution of `make` or `make build` get the local version of Terranova (located in `../../../terranova`), insert a `replace` in the `go.mod` file to use this local copy and build a Docker container with the binary of `simple`.

The Makefile also is useful to build and login into a Docker container with the environment to build the code (`make builder`) or login into a Docker container with the simple application (`make simple`).

To build locally and not in a Docker container, it's recommended to cleanup the modules before build. Then insert the `replace` in the `go.mod` file or use `make setup` to get the same:

```bash
go clean -modcache
make setup
go build .
make clean
```
